They don't understand sahaja yoga and it's hard, it's hard when the majority is different to remain on the constant fact.
The question is, what is the most important thing in the world?
But you see, evolution is the survival of the fittest.
And now evolution moves from material to spiritual.
So the one who is spiritually the fittest is going to be on top of evolution.
So you have a big advantage in these race over the others.
Because you are ahead of them.
So don't go back just for the sake of being with them.
It's a little bit lonely on the top of the mountain, but the view is very nice.
But we are not lonely on the mountain.
You are not lonely as long as you are with yourself.
He is from Switzerland. He knows mountain tops.
Mountains are nice.
Himavati, Shailaputra, the name of the goddess.
You know, yesterday when I spoke about Russia and Ukraine,
is that if you can manage your role here, you could help opening the Alia Chakra.
You know, like the Chinese yogi, they help opening the door of the left side.
Open the left side of the door.
You can help opening the right side of the door.
And if you can do that, you will have your names on the streets in 200 years.
And people will bring garlands to your grandchildren.
So have a sense of perspective.
I am quite surprised.
Because I think that what I said is true.
We also started to go like this.
So now you can walk in Kiev and you can say, okay, this place I want my name.
It all works above there again.
Any questions?
Also, please, boys, don't go on pornography.
And girls, needless to say.
You can have it on your telephone.
At least in our crazy countries, maybe not here.
Don't go there.
For a simple reason.
It's very easy if I drop ink.
It's very easy to drop ink on this sweater.
But to clean the sweater is difficult.
So keep your life simple.
And if you do it, don't feel guilty.
Just use your willpower.
Conquer your freedom.
Freedom from ignorance.
Freedom from addiction.
Freedom from what binds your spiritual evolution.
Our entities closed.
I have a second question.
What about astrology?
Has no Shri Mataji respected it?
Yes, she did.
But also, she said also, she respected astrology.
But she said also that the realized soul can go beyond the strength of the science.
You understand?
If you are realized, the stars lose their influence.
But still, it is part of the game.
Why are we on the bottom, not on the top?
No, because if you want to know about astrology,
it's because you want to know.
If you are on the top, you know.
So you don't need astrology.
You have very nice vibrations.
You think that we give you vibration, right?
You think that.
We think that you give us vibration.
We are sharing.
I think that our goal is to give our goal to our own people.
I think that this process is very important.
This is collective.
This is the Kalki incarnation.
This is the reincarnation of the collective.
Before, it wasn't like that.
Before, we were very lonely.
We were very lonely.
Okay, the parrot.
I said, Shri Kalki is a horse and a parrot.
I explained to the horse why the parrot is a horse.
Why is it a parrot?
And so I asked Shri Mataji.
Parrot is a standing.
Parrot is the one who rides the horse?
No, parrot is a bird.
It's the parrot which speaks, because he is a parrot.
So I asked Shri Mataji, I understand the horse, but why the parrot?
Because the horse is a parrot, and he doesn't want to be a parrot.
And she responded, because he wants to communicate, but he can't.
I understand, but why the parrot is a parrot?
Because she said everything that was to be said.
I understand, but why the parrot?
And then she was silent for ten years.
And she said, she didn't want to be a parrot.
So this is because now the Divine did everything that it could to help us,
and now it's up to us to grow.
So she stopped talking, because she said what we needed to hear.
I have a question.
One of the first yogis, first marriages in Sahaja Yoga,
they had their children whose age they were ready for marriages,
and maybe they already had children.
So I think children are the purest ones.
So it's the children of the children who come in Sahaja Yoga.
Is it that they already came, or it's this year?
Do you understand?
Yes, they came already.
So you know them? What age are these children?
Two, three, four, five.
His grandchildren, for example.
That's why he smiled.
Your children have a marriage with Sahaja children?
Yes.
I think it's, I feel that these children will be something, absolutely another.
Look at his face.
He is naughty.
They need to be protected.
They need to be protected, and they can be born only,
they can be born only in realized families.
Also they absorb a lot from school.
For everybody it's a big work.
It's like a washing machine all the time.
Cleansing, cleansing, cleansing.
What did he say?
They want to be your grandchildren.
In a simple word.
Maybe I will be their grandchild.
I have a question.
It's more effective than to meditate in large group.
Because we are losing depth in large collective while cleaning each other.
It's quite possible, but here the answer is try.
Try what works.
Because there is not one answer.
You need to try.
You need to meditate in small group, meditate in large group,
see what works, you pick your chart.
You are like before a landscape.
You cannot ask me how do I navigate in the landscape.
Because it's your landscape, you will find.
It's experimental.
But yes, you can have this situation where if there are couple of negative people,
if you have two or three people from a fake guru,
or two or three people who really have bad vibration,
it can spoil a meeting.
It can.
But I think that everything that works, it's not a problem.
We are a complex group, so it's not a problem.
But if you have negative and negative people from a collective,
you have to meditate in large collective.
Because it's not a problem.
What works?
We don't have a problem with the group.
I think that if you have negative and negative people,
you have to meditate in large group.
That's the important thing.
You remember the silence that we felt now?
Remember? You remember? Remember?
This one you remember? Yes?
Or is the other one who looked sad?
Over there.
You remember? Yes.
You remember the silence? You felt the silence?
I'm not sure.
You actually asked when.
If she was silent all the time, it's even better.
It's even better.
But you know, just have faith in yourself.
Let's have faith in yourself.
You know what I find out sometimes to meditate with big groups,
or any group, it's about how to channelize the attention.
If in a big group the attention goes off,
it's much worse than in a smaller group sometimes.
Because in a smaller group, if three or four keep the attention,
you can still meditate quite okay.
But if in a bigger group of a certain percentage of people,
the attention wanders somewhere.
And that can have many reasons that it's much more difficult.
So when you find out that in a big group you can't meditate,
maybe it's also a way to find out what would you prefer,
how you want to have the meditation in order to go deeper,
to enjoy more, to get more deeper.
Maybe you could find out, maybe have discussions on that.
Is there anything else you want to suggest?
No, it's okay to find out in washing today.
So, today, before you started,
there are this group over here,
what is called meditation already?
It's a Buddhist group.
By Becky's method, it's called meditation within a round group.
Maybe you could find out, maybe you have discussions on that.
How do we want to have our meditation and work to experience more, try different things, as Grady has said.
How would you do your meditations? The one that you describe where you are a hundred people and you don't go deep. What are you doing?
Surely, if we are speaking about collective and you, we talk about…
You are not you, huh? The question was for the you.
I thought, ah, ha, ha, ha, no.
You are question for the you, huh? What do you do?
I think it is very difficult to say, but it is very difficult to say.
It is difficult.
It is difficult, like, every time different.
Exactly.
So, if you can't say this, every time it will be bad, every time it will be good. So, it just depends.
You see, what's nice to understand inside is that we are completely clueless.
What is the principle of Sahaj?
It is actually very nice because you start relaxing.
And you are not relaxing, so you are not feeling well.
Because what really happens in Sahaj, it is not as we do it.
Because we are not able to do it in Sahaj, it is not possible to do it in our own way.
If I do this in the back of somebody, what do I do? I move my hand.
If I do this in the back of somebody, what do I do?
You have to do it in your own way.
And, I think, I don't know if I can say this, but I think it is very nice to know that you are not alone.
Because you are not alone, you are not alone.
You are not alone, you are not alone. You are not alone. You are not alone.
Because we, he and me, in our life, we stressed because of Sahaja Yoga.
And we are not stressed because of Sahaja Yoga.
Because we want to give more realization, because we think people should grow faster, because we think yogis should not fight.
But if I am frustrated, I don't help anybody and I don't help myself.
But if I am frustrated, I don't help anyone.
Because of Sahaj's balance, we are not able to balance ourselves, we are not able to do anything.
We are not able to do anything.
There is one minute to four o'clock, so we can have a last question.
The boys are very shy.
I like to pray.
Little.
He wants the vibrations to answer.
He wants to answer.
Can I ask you something?
I met you for the first time in Kabela and you just picked me up on the road.
And you told me the story when you were first time in Ukraine.
Can you tell the story for all of us?
Because I heard it.
But I wanted to tell the story for all of us.
When you said that Shimatazu left you here.
Oh, why?
Well, it's not a big story.
Just I was, yay, I'm with Shimatazu.
And in the morning we were supposed to go all together to the airport.
And when I woke up everybody was gone.
I was alone.
So still today I cannot remember how I went back to Moscow.
I simply can't remember.
Obviously it must have worked out.
Maybe Shimatazu just felt his desire to be in Ukraine.
See, the other thing that maybe just to add one thing, you see.
Here people are naive about the West.
Because you know what doesn't work in your part of the world.
And you think that in our part of the world things are better.
It's true we are better economically.
Maybe infrastructures are better.
Maybe there is more freedom.
But in our countries the family is destroyed.
So when the family is destroyed it becomes a vicious circle.
Because the children of destroyed families are worse.
And the children of those children are worse.
And now we really, you know, it is a very serious situation.
So is it also in your vision?
Have a vision for Ukraine.
Don't have this vision that the future of Ukraine is to be like the Western country.
No.
Your food is still healthy here, I hope.
You know, the food in our place, people get cancer left, right, left, right.
Because we are poisoned by our food, we are poisoned by the pharmaceutical industry.
And the problem is that we are not able to get the food.
And that is why we are in a complex that is very special.
And that is why we are not able to get it.
And that is why we are going to have cancer in our country.
I'm just saying that because if I were in Ukraine I would say,
if only I could travel and if I could go west and visit New York and this and that.
I understand this desire, but actually that would not be the solution.
I think that Ukraine is a very special country,
and it is a very important country in Europe, in New York.
It is a very important country, but it is not a very special problem.
Thank you.
OK, so maybe we see each other in the public program tomorrow.
I don't know.
Is there any space?
Yes, there is.
I'm a bit scared.
I'm scared.